Add reset filters timer button to Smarty .markdown (#35527)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/smarty.markdown

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

- Button
- Fan
- Sensor

> The integration has a fan platform to view and control the ventilation speed, a button platform to reset the filters timer and a sensors platform to read:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration has a fan platform to view and control the ventilation speed, a button platform to reset the filter's timer, and a sensors platform to read the following values:
```
